Add documentation for testing (#18)
deckhouse/lib-helm: tests/README.md

# Testing

> This directory contains chart for unit testing `lib-helm`.
> `lib-helm` uses [unittest](https://github.com/helm-unittest/helm-unittest) helm plugin for unit testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains a chart for unit testing `lib-helm`.
`lib-helm` uses [unittest](https://github.com/helm-unittest/helm-unittest) helm plugin for unit testing.
```

## Run tests

> For running tests use the next command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For running tests, use the next command:
```

```bash
make tests/unit
```

## How to add test

> For definition (for example `helm_lib_is_ha_to_value`) you need to create two files.
> Create first file in [templates](templates) directory with name **define_name**.yaml (for example, `helm_lib_is_ha_to_value.yaml`). 
> This file should contain include definition (see [this example](templates/helm_lib_is_ha_to_value.yaml)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must create two files for definition (for example, `helm_lib_is_ha_to_value`).
Create first file in [templates](templates) directory with name **define_name**.yaml (for example, `helm_lib_is_ha_to_value.yaml`). 
This file should contain include definition (see [this example](templates/helm_lib_is_ha_to_value.yaml)).
```

> Second file (with test suite) you should create in [tests](tests) directory with name **define_name**_test.yaml (for example `helm_lib_is_ha_to_value_test.yaml`).
> For write test see [official documentation](https://github.com/helm-unittest/helm-unittest/blob/main/DOCUMENT.md) and see
> examples for [helm_lib_is_ha_to_value](tests/helm_lib_is_ha_to_value_test.yaml)
> and for [helm_lib_kube_rbac_proxy_ca_certificate](tests/helm_lib_kube_rbac_proxy_ca_certificate_test.yaml) definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second file (with test suite) you should create in [tests](tests) directory with name **define_name**_test.yaml (for example, `helm_lib_is_ha_to_value_test.yaml`).
For writing tests read [official documentation](https://github.com/helm-unittest/helm-unittest/blob/main/DOCUMENT.md) and examples for [helm_lib_is_ha_to_value](tests/helm_lib_is_ha_to_value_test.yaml) and [helm_lib_kube_rbac_proxy_ca_certificate](tests/helm_lib_kube_rbac_proxy_ca_certificate_test.yaml) definitions.
```

### Snapshot asserts

> If you use [snapshot asserts](https://github.com/helm-unittest/helm-unittest#snapshot-testing) 
> you should create/update snapshot file, for it use the next command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use [snapshot asserts](https://github.com/helm-unittest/helm-unittest#snapshot-testing), 
you should create/update snapshot file. Use the next command to this:
```

```bash
make tests/unit/update-snapshot
```

> and commit files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, commit files.
```
